Sample of Itinerary (taken from CTC Travel)DAY 1: SINGAPORE - CHONGQING - QIANJIANG* Assemble at Changi International Airport for your flight to Chongqing. Proceed to Qianjiang.* Proceed to Nanhai Xincheng Center Square for shopping spree.Meals Plan: Breakfast, Lunch, DinnerDAY 2: QIANJIANG - WULONG* Visit Zhuoshui Ancien Town, Wind and Rain Gallery Bridge.* Puhua underground river (include boat ride+ tram), the water from the underground river is very clear. There is a characteristic mountain which looks like the Guan Yu’s broadsword. In the cave, the constant temperature throughout the year is 22?.* Visit Balahu at own expense.Meals Plan: Breakfast, Lunch, DinnerDAY 3: WULONG - MT. JINFO* The Three Natural Bridges (includes tram) featuring three natural karst bridges. These three natural karst stone arch bridges have an average height of over 200 meters, and an average span of over 200 meters, making it the largest natural bridge cluster in Asia. The Hollywood blockbuster, Transformers 4, and Zhang Yimou’s 2006 Chinese blockbuster, Curse of the Golden Flower were filmed here.* Jinfo Mountain (include tram + cable car). The giant Buddha glimmers when the sunshines on it, hence the name, which literally means “Golden Buddha Mountain”. Visit Jinfo Temple by cable car; the Golden Turtle Facing Sun Platform in the north, which is a mountain edge looking like a golden turtle in the light of the sun; and Walking along the Steep Cliff Plank Road can be a very thrilling experience.Meals Plan: Breakfast, Lunch, DinnerDAY 4: JINFO - FULING - TONGLIANG* Baiheliang Underwater Museum, it is an archaeological site, now submerged under the waters of the newly built Three Gorges Dam. It displays some of the world’s oldest hydrological inscriptions.* Proceed to Wanda CBD shopping area free and easyMeals Plan: Breakfast, Lunch, DinnerDAY 5: TONGLIANG - TONGNAN - TONGLIANG* Tongnan Bagua field. This beautiful scenic spot is a tourist travel destination and most famous for its canola flower festival. People visit Tongnan during March to be a part of this wonderful hilarious festival.* Huangjuemen splendid dreamland, mountains here are covered by lush trees and terraced fields with a sea of flowers blooming, all beautifully reflected in rivers and lakes nearby.Meals Plan: Breakfast, Lunch, DinnerDAY 6: TONGLIANG - CHONGQING* Ciqikou ancient town, dates back to the late Ming Dynasty (1368-1644). People always said "One flagstone road, and one thousand years' Ciqikou".* Eling Cultural and Creative Park. In 2016, the very popular film Belonged to You made the park famous, and attracted many artistic visitors to experience the film scenes.* Hongya Cave, characterized by the traditional Bayu architectural style.* Liziba metro station, locate on the sixth to eighth floor of a 19-storey residential building. It uses specialized noise reduction equipment to isolated station noise from the surrounding residences.Meals Plan: Breakfast, Lunch, DinnerDAY 7: CHONGQING* Visit Nanshan Botanic Garden (or Garden Expo Park). It is an ideal place to see the flower. In the sunny spring, beautiful flowers filled the park everywhere, their pleasant scent flowing in the air.* Visit Three Gorges Museum, view Chongqing People’s Assembly Hall.* Jiefangbei Pedestrian Street, a rising leisure entertainment location, and go on a shopping spree.* Own arrangements for dinner.Meals Plan: Breakfast, LunchDAY 8: CHONGQING - SINGAPORE* Free and leisure until transfer to airport for the flight back to Singapore. We hope you have enjoyed your vacation with CTC Travel!Meals Plan: BreakfastREMARKS* Taxes / Flight schedule subject to change.* Tour subject to confirmation.* 1. Compulsory Tour @ RMB 500/pax: Balahu (include tram?Glass bridge), steam pot, Tongnan train ride* 2. Optional tour @ RMB 500/pax: performance, Foot massage, Nanbing Road night view* 3. Actual sequence of itinerary is subject to change without prior notice. In the event of discrepancy between Chinese and English itineraries, refer to the form